DND notes 4

We join the team after killing the wierd lady with the ray gun.

We follow the dubngeon around to the right until we come across a trio of displacer beasts
We fight them and find a brown card, now own brown and purple cards

purple cards -> opens black doors, yellow got stuck, green got stuck, red door stuck, purple door opens!
brown card -> opens blacks doors, yellow got stuck, green got stuck, red door stuck
Black card (x5) -> stuck in yellow, stuck in green door, red door stuck
yellow card -> green door Stuck, 
red -> opens red, yellow opens

A robot shows up and gets our card out of the door.
We fight a robot and retrieve the brown card but gain nothing more from it.

5 egg shaped devices (grenades)
3 kian (red, yellow), delft (blue, green) (kian breaks one trying to figure it out)  The timers on the granades are immediate, 1 round, 2 rounds 

Take a long rest, but on the way back we find a piece of technology that looks like a u-shaped rod and a screen.  The glass can be seen through. It has a reticle in it and symbols on the bottom that move, it has a disc in it a-la the gun we found.

Max figures out it's a weapon that you target with the reticle.  the view is magnifiable and it's fired by a button on the side.  possibly the same thing that hit max?  Takos is gathering the bizarre technology.

Back in the displacer room we discover the hole has moving handles on the inside unlike the first hole.

unable to open the yellow doors we continue on following the right wall.

We come to a big command room with man-sized boxes, couches, and some egg-shaped things big enough for anyone.  We can open the egg-shapes with the purple key.

Kian gets in one and activates it by pushing the button.  He's transported into a meadow and encounters a character select screen.  He selects a human with a fire sword and big breasts. He was then teleported to a new room with three doors 

We find several more black key cards but otherwise decide to ignore the VR setup

We move on, and find another hole, this one with lights into it and moving handles. we also find rooms with purple doors hiding torn up uniforms as at the begining of the thing

we continue around and find a place where the ceiling has been bashed in.  The water zaps us so we turn around.  We then come to a moldy place for of garbage, broken furniture, etc... piles of veggie matter and a rotting smell.

Two of notice tiny humanoids preparing an ambush ahead on both sides of the hallway. Tokos blasts them and we go in initiave.
We kill them all with fire then search: finding 
 - nothing of value except some cards: red and more black.  We double back to the nearest red door and discover a corpse in rags in a room that's in better condition than the rest of the area.

 Not knowing what to make of them we double back to where we heard more veg bros and continue on doing the right wall thing.

We kill the veg bros and continue on to the right side... we start opening doors until we reach a room with an attractive woman, who doesn't speak our language.  We pretend to be sick and she tends to us. We discover a translation device and interview the doctor bot.
We grab three wound healing cannisters, each has 6 charges.

